Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
Many moons have passed since the Imperial
Army went to war with the Hellhorde.
I am Ex, a sentient sacred blade
passed down in the Royal Empire.
Having fallen into the
hands of the Hellhorde,
I find myself imprisoned with
my master, Her Highness.
Is that so?
If you refuse to reveal the
Royal Empire's secrets...
We will have to subject you
to full-blown torture.
Wait!
Laws regarding prisoners of war
prohibit the use of torture!
Those are human laws, are they not?
Damn you...
Rest assured, Ex.
I would never give in to their torture!
Your Highness!
In that case...
'Tis time for torture, Princess.
'Tis Time for "Torture,"
Princess
10 Minutes Ago
An experimental spell went haywire,
and Her Highness lost her memories.
It seems she doesn't remember anything
since she was taken prisoner.
Since it was caused by a rogue spell,
we don't know how to treat it.
Oh, no...
I have no memories, but it seems
that several months have passed,
and I have been subjected to
torture on a daily basis.
But thus far, the Hellhorde have
yet to launch their attack.
It seems that I haven't succumbed
to your torture a single time!
Um, well, about that...
It's uncertain what may trigger
her memories coming back,
so the doctor said it'd be best
to return to her daily routine.
And thus, going back to the very beginning...
'Tis time for torture, Princess.
That's right.
Her memory loss may have come as a shock,
Dumb Face-o-Meter
but this isn't Her Highness who's
used to giving in every single time.
She's back to being the old Princess!
The one who's survived countless battles
and achieved many a great feat!
She very well might be able
to resist this torture!
Looks yummy...
Nope, she's gonna cave!
D-Don't get me wrong, Ex!
I'm not feeling tempted at all!
I simply gave my honest impression
of how good it looks!
All human beings would feel the same way!
I've heard this before.
I would never give in to
the likes of mere toast!
I've seen this before.
I-I can hear it!
It sounds...
It sounds so tasty!
Hang in there, Your Highness!
Don't worry, Ex.
I am Commander of the Imperial Third Legion.
I-I will never give in...
to your pathetic torture!
The same reaction as
season one, episode one!
The torture isn't over yet.
Is that...
Very              Yummy
Honey
'Tis honey.
You wouldn't dare!
You fiend!
That has to taste amazing!
I will reveal my secret!
I caved. All that's left is to go to sleep.
So yummy!
I'll talk!
M-My head!
Your Highness?!
Your Highness!
Y-Your High...
I-Is something wrong?
The moment I was about to give in,
the memories all came flooding back.
What?
Your Highness, does that mean...
Yes!
My memories have returned!
Your Highness!
You've regained your memories.
There's no information that
could be more valuable.
In other words, you've told us your
secret, and we're done with you!
'Tis time for a toast party!
Yay!
It's as yummy as ever!
Untz, untz, untz!
I've seen this before as well.
Untz, untz, untz, untz!
Untz, untz, untz, untz, untz, untz!
The princess went
back to normal
Your Majesty.
I'm glad to hear her memories returned.
I have one additional matter to report on.
Go on.
We've noticed changes to the official
website for the anime Your Majesty is fond of.
Oh?
I appreciate the periodic updates
even after it's gone off the air.
What?!
Season 2 Confirmed!!
They're making a season two of the anime?!
Hell yes!
Congrats on Season 2
A cake!
Looks tasty!
An anime His Majesty likes will
be getting a second season.
To celebrate, we're distributing
cakes all across Hellholm.
Oh, good for him.
An anime that the Hell-Lord likes?
I see!
This is a torture where I must reveal
the empire's secret if I want cake!
No, the cake is from His Majesty.
'Tisn't torture.
Really?
Let's enjoy it together.
Yay!
You're putting candles on it?
Indeed.
Can I be the one to blow out the candles?
There's no greater moment of joy than
blowing out the flame on a candle.
Yeah! I love it!
Which is why you mustn't.
What?
If you wish to blow out the candles,
you'll have to tell us an imperial secret.
Y-You said the cake wasn't torture...
That's true.
The cake isn't torture.
The cake itself, that is.
You monster!
It's like being back home!
Congrats on Season 2
Congratulations on season two!
She started singing?!
If I don't yield to the torture
before Torture stops singing,
Congratulations on season two!
I'll lose the right to blow out the candles?
Damn it all!
Congratulations on season two!
I get so excited hearing this melody!
It makes me want to blow out those candles!
Congratulations on season two!
Your Highness! Stay strong!
You only need to bear
it until the song ends!
Congratulations on season two!
I know it must pain you, but
all things come to an end!
Congratulations...
Every storm runs out of rain!
Well, it sucks now standing in the rain!
Congratulations on season two!
This is the final refrain.
The song's about to end!
Congratulations on season two!
Just a little longer, and
I'll reign victorious!
Congratulations on season two!
Endure!
You can endure it!
Congratulations on season two!
It's over!
Yay! I endured it!
I endured it until the end!
Take that!
I'm Commander of the Imperial Third Legion!
Your lousy torture was no match for...
Oh, no!
Yes, I'd forgotten!
You don't actually blow out the
candles until the song's over!
There was no point in enduring
it while she was singing!
The real battle starts here and now!
Congrats on Season 2
The moment after the song has just ended!
The moment they're just
begging to be blown out!
Oh, it's no use...
Because I wrongly believed I was done
enduring it when the song ended...
My mind's gone completely loosey-goosey...
Loosey-Goosey Mind
With my mind like this...
Heave-ho! Heave-ho! Heave-ho!
I can't resist the urge
to blow out the candles!
Urge to Blow Out Candles
Ready...
Heave-ho! Heave-ho!
Heave-ho!
There's no way I could win!
Congrats on Season 2
I'm happy for you, Your Highness!
Come, let us all have a slice.
Yay!
The princess
confessed
Your Majesty.
The secret we obtained from the princess...
It seems that their king
will turn fifty this year.
Oh?
He's a great deal older than I am.
'Tis Time for "Torture,"
Princess
The princess and Hell-Lord unexpectedly
found themselves in another world.
However, one thing led to another, and they
managed to return to their original world.
Let's take it from the top...
And play some basketball!
The Hellholm basketball matchup
is about to get underway!
This is Gilga with the play-by-play,
and Ex as our color analyst!
First, we have Team Princess.
With their captain, Princess, at the core,
this is a team with plenty of agility.
Power Forward: Princess
Point Guard: Torture
Center: Krall
Shooting Guard: Inki
Will we see them put up big points?
Small Forward: Vanilla
Now for Team Hell-Lord.
Their powerful defense are
sure to keep scores low!
Center: Hell-Lord
Point Guard: Giant
Power Forward: Datarma
Can we expect Princess Maomao-chan
as their leading scorer?
Shooting Guard: Kanadge
Small Forward:
Maomao-chan
Maomao-chan! Good luck!
Queen
Lulune
But why basketball, of all things?
Basketball's big right now in Hellholm.
Oh, is that right?
No one really knows the rules,
so they just go by vibes.
Wait, will this be okay?
The game's about to start!
The referee, Youki, was on
her school basketball team,
making her the only one who
vaguely knows the rules!
Know all the rules if you were on the team!
I may have been on the basketball team,
but I was mostly busy playing in the gym
and chatting at family restaurants!
Don't assume all basketball team
members know how to play basketball!
Why the high-and-mighty act?
We're finally starting the game!
Both teams have their players in position.
And now...
The kickoff!
It's called a tip-off in basketball.
Hngy-Baby!
Super Sixth Man: Hngy
What?!
Whoa!
Some stunning teamwork to
make up for their height!
Ref, that's clearly against the rules!
Eh?
Nice one, Hngy-Baby!
Krall showing Hngy some love!
Princess not missing the catch.
Team Princess has first possession!
Now, first we see them go by the playbook...
with everyone surrounding the ball!
Is this gym class basketball?
Princess stuck in the crowd,
unable to move the ball!
They're just asking for a foul to happen!
Princess, pass the ball to me!
I wanna dribble the ball, too!
Hey, you're all putting
pressure on Princess-chan!
Princess-chan, take a load
off and let go of the ball!
I've got you, Princess!
Go for it, Maomao-chan!
Since it's come down to this...
Princess with the bold attempt!
I admire the spirit!
Sadly, it ends in a steal!
His Majesty goes straight for the long pass!
Oh, no, you don't!
Are you hurt, Vanilla-chan?
Princess!
Wow! Kanadge drives to
the basket by himself!
He's completely open!
See!
This is what happens when you
all swarm the ball!
The left hand is just
for holding the ball...
Oh, but he's denied by the goal post!
He just totally sucks at basketball!
Princess with the hard defense!
Everyone!
Get into square formation!
Yeah!
Whoa!
They're holding hands and
surrounding Princess!
Slowly making their way to the basket!
Team Hell-Lord can't touch them!
Is this allowed in the rules?!
Oh! A dribbling mistake!
Oh, no!
Torture kicks the ball away!
Kanadge grabs the loose ball, and
quickly gets ready to shoot!
Yeah, I'm Kanadge.
The guy who never gives up till the end.
Check out that fadeaway!
A staple of basketball manga,
where you take a shot jumping
backward to evade defenders!
Why now, when you're wide open?
Denied yet again by the goal post!
Also, a basketball hoop
isn't a goal post!
The fierce battle between Team Hell-Lord
and Team Princess continued...
That's the end of the game!
Team Hell-Lord takes it
with a score of 6 to 4!
A score you'd see in baseball.
Did you have fun playing basketball?
Yeah!
I want to play again with everyone!
Who's up for the family
restaurant after this?
Me.
I'm in!
Everyone's going to a family restaurant?
Here!
Vanilla-chan and I are coming, too.
What?
Right?
Yeah!
Princess-chan, we're leaving now.
Good work out there, Your Highness.
We lost, huh?
Still, playing basketball today made
me remember the most important thing.
What?
My love for the game of basketball!
You never had any love
for it in the first place!
Nope!
Are you all right, Torture?
Don't mind me.
It seems I got a bit carried
away in all the fun.
I've never been very athletic.
Hey, are you going to be good for
today's torture in that sorry state?
Perhaps not.
Looks like today will be
a surefire win for me!
The torture went as planned,
and the princess confessed.
And they all went to a family restaurant.
'Tis Time for "Torture,"
Princess
I'm confident that I won't
yield to today's torture!
Aren't you dying to know why?
No...
Because I spent the whole day taking
action to prepare for the torture!
Not even letting me answer, huh?!
And what action do I mean?
Visualizing it in my head!
You know, when you run mental simulations
to hone your techniques and tactics.
At my advanced skill level, it provides
almost as much experience as the real thing.
I employed this method to
visualize our torture sessions.
I see.
You did seem awfully quiet today.
Yep.
I was subjected to torture
over and over in my mind.
Lunchtime
'Tis time for torture, Princess.
Today's torture is...
Macaroni gratin!
The queen is fond of fruits!
Butter soy sauce pasta with scallops!
My little sister loves skiing!
Fluffy ricotta pancakes!
Jimochi collects miniature cars!
Plum
Gum!
The sacred blade Machina is hidden
in the Fountain of Dharma!
Doing this gave me plenty of combat
experience to come up with countermeasures.
Did I imagine those flashbacks of you
vigorously giving up in seconds flat?!
Also, this is the first I've heard of
Sir Jimochi collecting car miniatures.
Oh.
He used to always stop by the toy
store on our way home from training.
Line Ends Here
End of the line for the special limited
edition car miniature releasing today!
Oh, fidget, fidget.
Hey, are we done yet?
Are you here to buy one
for your granddaughter?
No.
This is my hobby!
Honored Knight
Jimochi
I was so excited, I didn't
sleep a wink last night.
I see...
Fidget, fidget.
That old fart again!
Fear not, Ex.
I may have given in to every
torture in my mind...
What? All of them?
But surrendering so many times beforehand
has to have satisfied my desire to surrender!
Desire to Surrender
Desire to surrender?
I'll never yield to today's torture!
That'd be nice.
What's with your reaction?!
So you have no faith in me?
I really am confident this time!
I would even bet on it!
For real?
How about this?
If I give in today, I'll get on my knees and
beg Gilga to perform maintenance on you.
What?!
What's more, I'll even give up my futon
and go to sleep in formal seiza posture!
Well, I won't surrender, so there's
no chance that'll ever happen!
I beg you!
Your Highness.
I'll forget about you giving in,
so please sleep on a futon.
I'm the Princess and Commander
of the Imperial Third Legion.
I won't go back on my word.
Sure...
By the way, were you having a nice dream?
Huh?
You looked like you were
having fun in your sleep.
While sitting in seiza.
Yeah, I was.
I had a dream about an old friend.
An intruder!
Get moving, guards!
Stop right there!
Who the hell are you?!
What are you after?!
Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
I'm here to kill the Hell-Lord.